everybody's always talking about how
advertising online is the best thing
ever and how you have to be doing it
i'm guilty i love advertising online
this is what i do for clients this is
what i do on a daily basis
i've seen the power of advertising
online but for today's video i want to
play devil's advocate
and i want to talk about the truths
about advertising online
that people don't really necessarily
like to address and talk about
but they are absolutely true and very
important for you to understand
if you're considering advertising online
and more so if you're already
advertising online
that way you can have the proper
expectations and mindset moving forward
so let's get right into it
guys sylvia perez here from ad
conversion helping you solve your lead
generation problems and grow your
business with digital advertising
if you're new here make sure to click on
that subscribe button and all the links
and resources that i mentioned
you can find in the description box down
below the first truth about
advertising online is it's a risk no
matter what you have no idea what's
actually gonna work you can do all the
planning and preparation and research as
you should
but at the end of the day it's still a
risk you're taking
and you still without certainty can know
for sure
whether or not you're actually going to
get a return on your investment
especially in the beginning
when you have no data and nothing to
leverage the way i like to think about
advertising online it's like
imagine if you have a whole bunch of
pens here like this is a whole bunch of
pens
and each pen is a different ad or a
different campaign
and basically you start off with a whole
bunch of different pens
and you just throw them against the wall
and then maybe once you through all the
pens against the wall you realize the
blue ones are the ones that started
working out
and the black ones didn't work out maybe
this yellow one worked out the best
so really you have no idea what's going
to work and what's not going to work
it's a risk no matter all the planning
and preparation
you're still taking a risk now it can be
a very
calculated risk it can be a very
mitigated risk where you're
trying to take an asymmetrical risk
where you're trying to have as much
upside for as little downside as
possible and you can do that by setting
up your campaigns properly
setting the proper targeting making sure
you're leveraging proven frameworks
which i always talk about and spying on
your competition
but at the end of the day it's still a
risk so unfortunately
you can try everything to have all your
your
things in order and make sure that you
have the best likelihood of success
but the reality is as much as i love
this stuff it is still a risk
and you always got to be smart and make
sure that you're minimizing your
downside the second truth about
advertising online
is it is getting more competitive and
prices will continue to rise
no matter what you do it is economics
as supply diminishes and demand
increases prices will
rise and just look at facebook ads cost
today versus facebook ads cost two years
ago
look at google ads cost today versus
five years ago
it is gonna get more expensive and
despite doing all the best practices of
having
high quality score and all these other
things
prices will still rise no matter what
it's just inevitable you can do
everything possible to try to mitigate
that
but you have to understand it's going to
get more and more expensive
and depending on your industry some
strategies that worked
couple years ago are not going to be as
sustainable today i'll give you a
perfect example
if you're a lawyer advertising on google
and you have a small budget and you're
just getting started
your keywords can cost as high as a
hundred dollars a click
and that might not be sustainable for
you to pay a hundred dollars a click
on a complete stranger that has no brand
loyalty so maybe as an advertiser you
have to get smarter and say hey
i'd be willing to pay a hundred dollars
a click but not towards a stranger
maybe towards somebody who's been to my
website in the last 30 days
and was on there for more than 30
seconds or maybe they watched a full
youtube video of mine
we're gonna have to level up our
strategies in terms of being able to
nurture and build relationships with our
dream customers
and do so profitably to be able to
offset this increase in acquisition
costs
coming through the future years as more
and more people start
migrating online bringing their
advertising budgets online
especially now today with the whole
coronavirus situation
and the world moving online at an even
faster and more rapid rate
the third and final truth about
advertising online is despite
competition increasing
price is rising and the risk involved
with advertising online
we have never had it better than we have
it today
in terms of getting our message in front
of our dream customers
to be honest we're really spoiled we
it's almost scary how specific we can
get in terms of getting our ads in front
of the right people
and despite everything that's involved
with risk and prices rising
it's still as cost effective as it's
ever been right now online
it's still as transparent as ever been
we know how our
ads are performing down to the ad level
down to the keyword level it's insane
the amount of transparency we have
and the amount of control we have in
terms of getting these messages out
there i mean you could literally create
a campaign today
and if you want a tomorrow morning if
you just feel like it you can literally
turn off all your campaigns
you're not locked into a contract where
you have to be running these campaigns
for 30 days or however long
so despite everything else i want you to
feel encouraged and empowered that
advertising online really is the future
and it is the present because
now more than ever people are
advertising online and your
dream customer more importantly is
online so you want to make sure you meet
them
get strategic get creative find new ways
of doing things and
ultimately don't be complacent in terms
of getting your message in front of them
and always try to up the ante and
improve your marketing
so that despite the competition
increasing over the years as long as
you're trying to improve things
one percent better month over month
that's going to carry over into the
future
and you're going to be able to beat the
competition and offset the acquisition
cost
because you've been focusing on getting
better marketing strategies in place
and also you've been focusing on
increasing the value of every customer
in your business
to help you be able to spend more on
your advertising that is it for this
video i hope you got tremendous value
out of it if you could give this video a
thumbs up that'll help me get it ranked
higher in the search engines
and i will see you in the next one take
care